*encounter1
What is this, a shop? Do you sell weapons? I'm Altana.
This is my shop, what are you looking for in a weapon?
Well... I was just window shopping. I guess I'll just leave.
You must have come in for a reason.
No, I was just curious. Don't mind me, I'll just leave. I was only visiting.
Visiting from Byzhan. You're a corsairess, why are you in Yhomstad?
Yes, from Byzhan. I'm assuming you've heard of me, that's how you know I'm a corsairess.
I'm stuck here in the meantime, but soon I'll get back at that mudak who stole my ship.
There must be weapon I can afford out there somewhere. Preferably one free for the taking. Who are you, anyway?
The locals refer to me as the Grand Master.
Ohhh, so not a grandmaster, you're not the leader of some guild or order. I like that. Hmm, I'll see you around, Grand Master.
*encounter2
Hello "Grand master". "Asena's wisdom be- or, my wisdom be upon you", hah!
You're comparing yourself to the great wolf Asena? Are you sure you measure up?
Po-Shol na hui! Hah! I like to think I'm a wise corsairess, but the situation I've got myself in might say otherwise.
Speaking of my situation, I have my weapon, but now I need a plan.
I need to lure the man who stole my ship back near Svarten Yod, so I'll make it sound like there's a great deal to be had in Yhomstad.
Don't draw attention to my shop! I'm not looking for any.
Oh don't worry, I'll kill him right at the dock, before he can even leave Svarten Yod!
I'll be sure to come back and tell you how it went Grand Master!
*encounter3
Menda, Grand Master! Great news!
Altana, a man never came here looking for a deal that never existed. I am grateful.
So you noticed. That mudak payed and now I have my ship. I bet you thought I couldn't do it!
When I first met you, I thought you were going to steal a weapon from me.
I have a little more respect for the Grand Master than that!
I never doubted you could do it. Just try to keep your ship this time.
Hah! I'll be far wiser from here on out. Farewell, Grand Master. Altana's wisdom be upon you!