*encounter1
Awey! I am Publius of of Roneven. I bring gifts for the barbarians of Yhomstad!
Thank you, but I won't accept gifts. This is a shop, you can sell something to me if you wish.
This is a shop? Well, I'm not interested in money today. Who are you? Can barbarians run shops?
I am the Grand Master.
Oh, I have heard of a Grand Master. Interesting. I suppose I could ask you some questions.
Questions? Fine. But if a customer comes in, you leave.
What is your role here in Yhomstad? The people in my Roneven Empire know of you, but not much.
I am only a traveler settling down to make a real living.
An "experienced" barbarian like yourself must know a lot about the region. Perhaps I'll return in the future with more questions. Thanks, barbaroi.
*encounter2
Awey! I am Publius of of Roneven. I have gifts for the barbarians of Yhomstad!
I've seen you here before, Pub. We've already gone over this.
I'm surprised you have the memory of me, thanks barbaroi. Don't call me Pub.
I'm sure you remembered me. You have a question I assume, so out with it.
Questions? If you insist. Yhomstad is mainly a fishing village, you can access Yhomstad from the ocean, yes?
Well Pub, you could sail out from the harbor yourself and find out. I'm just a shopkeeper.
Puttana. You were a traveler, you must know where the water leads. What about the mountains surrounding Yhomstad?
Dangerous. Tall. Trolls and worms live among them. Anything else?
That's it? You have nothing else to say about them? Fine. I'll leave, but if I need anything from you I'll come back!
*encounter3
Awey! I am Publius of of Roneven. I have gifts for the Yhomstad barbarians!
I'm sure the barbarians are grateful. What questions do you have for me now?
I do have a question and it's an important one.
What about Yhomstad's location do you need to know, centurion?
Ah, so you caught on. I suppose I was less than subtle with my inquiries, but I figured a barbarian wouldn't think twice.
You're a spy, Pub. I won't give you any more advice for your war strategies.
These strategies aren't necessarily for an offensive, but a defensive, but thanks barbaroi.
I was hoping you would be insightful, but I was wrong. I won't be returning. Farewell.